okay my name is blaze and I'm an ad
I took my 640 adventure with a full tank
of gas so it's pretty close to 400
pounds and this really muddy play
I'm probably about 100 meters
off the tarmac and Anthony hen there's a
couple hundred meters that way but I
might as well be a little boy because
there's no one around yeah I'm trying to
get this bike out myself if I can't have
mine after Coulson would have called me
but I'm gonna try and do it myself
because it's got all I got a Matt praise
those guys that throw garbage in the
bush they've got a mat and a shingle a
Nashville it's shingle from a roof and
I'm using that as leverage and I'm gonna
try and push it up okay here goes oh
I've already been working on this about
40 minutes
Andy
bitch I don't have novelties like I'm
not completely I just got a new short
juror 3 Sahara and I just went to buy a
battery so I supposed to ride the bike
for now without stopping it and that's
one of the main problems because I
stopped my bike Wow I store there and
it's there's no way it's going
when I fill this box strong
that's getting
put the sin to stand down in a situation
like this because
it's not good
it sinks down
losing it
garbage someone so kindly dumped in the
bush hate these guys
I'm pretty grateful I have something
subtraction
my tie is got the saw clogged up they
wouldn't even turn even when the back
was on they were just gunk
do not grab the indicator
not very
oh I'm tired
I'm not calling someone to help me
yes
trying to get real-world experience I
can't get myself out of trouble so close
civilization huh and am I going to write
sorry Alfred I wouldn't if you can hear
me I wonder if the camera is even still
oh I'm getting it I'm getting it
boys I think I'm out of the worst crap
okay take a break coming up with the
Santa stand this is the I got stuck
in it doesn't look very spectacular man
just thick clay
there's my blanket my sad looking actual
jingle one of its leather 25 year
warranty
all right thanks oh look at all the mat
on here just caked there's absolutely
caked on me
I scraped a lot of it off oh it's just
gross just gross just gross yeah I'm
gonna set the set the potty
you